drugs what's wrong with him I want him
but hold on let's go back to the 80s and
90s when everyone [__] ever was
telling me not to do them because then
maybe I'll change my mind after all we
know how impartial these advertisements
were marijuana pot grass whatever you
want to call it is probably the most
dangerous drug in the United States and
we haven't begun to find out all of the
ill effects these are just so funny and
I was just looking at someone and some
of them are so ridiculous that I just
gotta give it a whirl
let's go let's see what's not what's
number one on the list here I get angry
just think about it makes me mad little
kids doing drugs it turns my stomach
misty are you bleeding you're right
dizzy
the band-aid for you it hurts the user
it hurts just family I'm good
hey it hurts Zach hey where's that man I
just want to shake some sense with you
kids I'm not 26 so your memo don't or
else
okay okay good point I don't like to
smile I was good up till the smile if
you're gonna hurt me hurt me don't have
me thinking about this ten years later
with a therapist office
[Music]
this is the classic this is your brain
no it's not and this is Harold no it's
not
he's a king of Han this is what happens
to your brain no that's what happens
when you smash a with a pan you don't
have to do any of that you chose to do
that junks can get in big trouble
I could go to principal's office or go
to jail that's a pretty big jump between
those two do too much to pizza I'm out
no pizza can't watch TV Kenny Pizza go
to jail can't pizza won't do them
hamsters are good hamsters are good
hamsters are good how does this and
you're getting off track drugs are bad
I don't do drugs who's more dead who's
more dead inside that's the game I play
[Music]
this kid died from using illegal drugs
are you allowed to be in here and this
kid died from using prescription drugs
more dead it's gonna ask who's more dead
which one's more dead does the dentist
privacy just [__] walking aggregor
this guy died from a bullet this guy he
fell down the stairs which one Dems is
deader
you better answer this that better
that's not a rhetorical question that's
not a rhetorical question
you have to answer that question when
you go to that kind of territory oh man
let me introduce my man you know them
all there's man looking through
binoculars right sergeant we're smoking
a cigarette man he's done last night
really burned it with a match a message
from rat reject all tobacco take it from
Terrence you better tell somebody I
wasn't sold till the rat I wasn't sold
till then but when that came on boy gosh
darn it I want to throw it all my
marijuana leaves in the big old trash
can
hey put on me give her some yeah give me
some all right all right
you want mess kid here's your mess and
here's your meth dealer and your meth
boyfriend's and here's your math mom and
your meth dad and your meth CPA and your
meth for your friends meth by friend
please take a step back okay I
understand the personal bubble and your
Matt baby I'll never get over meth baby
as long as I live I'll never unsee meth
baby yeah this this is this kid this got
to come to an end soon don't forget your
mess face I like how the meth face is
more important than the meth baby I just
want to point that out priorities a
little messed up here but then again
they are on meth
it's called smoking dog it can't be bad
this dog is cool as ice I'm smoking
that's how the dog talks he talks like a
person just like you smokes like a
person what is going on in this she's
just like defeated he's gonna be without
their smoking he wants to kill himself
fine you be out there but you stay out
there dog hey I'm a dog what's your
Excuse not all dogs excuse me
hashtag not all dogs thanks some dogs
these days
think they can put us all to a box I'm
Michael Jordan hi Michael Jordan
McDonald's restaurants have given me
this time why did it have to be
McDonald's who gave you this opportunity
it was just a camera and a background
and you're in a suit McDonald's
restaurants have given me this time to
talk to you about something we both
really care about kids kids and
McDonald's boys girls their education
children McDonald's Chicken McNugget you
can just about be anything you want to
be
listen Allah I love the cut I love how
it couldn't this is just no this is
basically rambling listen I was already
listening Michael I was already with you
but don't blow it
don't do drugs if you're doing it stop
it
get some help I definitely eat biggest
Big Mac large size biggest one get a
small fries with it no harm
just a small fries McDonald's want you
to give yourself a chance
and so do I is it really called gold
just called Ghul they come to my place
ghoul or a little ghoul you like my
friends the good listeners are they good
bill here is 16 was Miss he's alive in
there just sleeping one of those little
Japanese sleep hotels for join the party
group tried crack what was good about
that nothing about that was Gould the
weird guy she's called weird guy like
ghoul I didn't see a single ha is still
second left this let me check for ghoul
no go no go on this this one is false
advertising I want it to be scared
playing a [__] gold yeah but not
about the ignorant I never really
thought about it
I don't think any of you guys need any
more drugs looks like you done all the
drugs needed thing hard
but you by me when you need more come on
kids don't you want to fight on one of
these babies yeah
just ripped out with the time what the
[__] can we go back for a second
what exactly is the moral here don't buy
drugs from secret monster men it could
point advertisment thank you I'll keep
that in mind once again folks I'm out
I'm out already on this one I can't go
farther than that
now 1/8 of a monkey turn that's it it's
all I can handle now Scott I understand
you just bought 15 of our surfing monkey
banks is that true yeah is this trying
to make me want to smoke marijuana now
what's the wondering about 15 he's about
15 okay let's let's calculate that out
let's get out the calculator really
quick three hundred sixty three dollars
I mean what's that three tickets digit
room you get that much fun out of a
monkey surfboard piggy bank god bless
you god bless you
[Music]
I didn't call myself a farter that's
probably a good thing I don't know if
you might go around doing that calling
yourself that in my head I was a social
fighter
I only Arden occasionally get it I'm
getting uncomfortable I don't like this
castle and my boyfriend called me out on
it and good on him he's taking it right
where it matters I even woke up in the
morning craving a firt nice one guys
sick allegory you slipped it right in I
can't believe how smart you were for
writing that just changed farting to
smoking and it's done
tobacco companies lost all their shares
sick dude getting fat rips she's like
not again he smoked not again an aliens
coming along my boyfriend's smoking weed
not again
aliens coming up to me again got a weed
potato face I always happens just trying
to have a good day
whoa [__] two dead alien just stole that
dudes jank
that is one pimping alien not again and
she's gone don't let aliens steal your
girlfriend from smoking weed kids
Wow real great man real sick nice weed
Wow
what are you doing smoking this grass
moving his harsh grass what is your
disgrace I just got here and even only
think what are you what even is weed
come on get with me girl
this guy's a loser yeah see you dude you
suck dude I wasn't expecting that
anyone that excuse drugs is not your
friend drugs can and will kill but Mario
use always eating the mushrooms get it
remember don't be afraid to turn to your
priest to Rabbi administer your mom's
your dad your teachers because drugs can
kill and if you do drugs you go to
heaven before you die
Mario you scar the kids for life here
you just tell me I'm gonna go to actual
hell before I die I just want to jump on
the goombas Mario just want to ride the
ocean I guess he was really affected by
Luigi's fatal drug addiction Mario it's
me liji well I just can't stop eating
the mushrooms
um so I'm such a very funny funny
[__] guys
go to hell
Pablo them is this the real name Pablo
the mule dog show me what turns out I've
been used to smuggle cocaine into the
country don't make a drug PSA about this
doesn't make me want to not do drugs
this makes me except for Pablo who a
bunch of Mexicans shift cocaine into
that's what's making me what which does
rather prompt the question what's the
big deal you should be dead ghoul dog
stay dead I went to this nasty toilet
and this girl asked me Stella no I'm a
dog look who we have here a bleeding
nostril perfect I'm bleeding well down
yes you are so I picked up the phone
somehow and talked to Frank
there's a darker side to coke to find
out more visit talk to Frank calm hi I'm
John and after watching Pablo the mule
dog be stuffed with handfuls and
handfuls of talking
I've come here me and McDonald's I've
come here to tell you what we know to
truly be important the family the Big
Mac Mac nuggets come on down grab just a
four pack for peace mag nuggets from
good from God's green soil itself
growing from our strip of McDonald farms
$1.99 only two piece chicken on August 1
for to get for free listen if you're
doing drugs stop it or else mr. T's
gonna come shake all I'll lose changer
out of your pockets how are you gonna
get a six-piece Chicken McNugget stand
reopen that 9/11 investigation won't
really happen there there's got to know
the facts just read just reopen it take
a look
never know what's gonna be inside that's
me John see you later
the time is now for strong leadership
Regan
this episode was sponsored by loot crate
you don't know what they are they're a
monthly subscription box service for pop
culture gear and gamer items for less
than $20 a month he gets six to eight
items that include licensed gear apparel
collectibles unique one-of-a-kind items
and more you have until the 19th at 9
p.m. Pacific to subscribe and receive
that month's crate when the cutoff
happens that's it it's over
sign up at my specialized link loot
crate comm slash jontron and enter code
wait for it jontron and save 10% on any
new subscription December's theme is
revolution you can get such wonderful
items as overwatch Reaper guy titanfall
shirt glove of sonic band-aid for when I
break my heart again what's perfect
[Music]
incidentally people